[Upgrading CLICK HERE FOR UPGRADE INSTRUCTIONS!]

ezpx uses [http://codeigniter.com Codeigniter application framework] so the installation process highly depends on Codeigniter settings.

===Installation steps for the current version: ===

  # Unzip the ezpx package. It contains all the files that are needed for installation.
  # Create a MySQL database for ezpx.
  # Open the file *system/application/config/config.php*. This is the standard Codeigniter config file complemented with some ezpx related configuration. In order to get your photoblog up and running you must maintain the {{{$config['base_url']}}}, {{{$config['admin_username']}}} and {{{$config['admin_password']}}} variables. All other variables are optional but check them anyways.
  # Open the file *system/application/config/database.php* and maintain your database settings.
  # Upload all files to your webserver.
  # Set the folders ./captcha and ./photos writeable (chmod 775 or 777). (They will hold the captcha images and your photos respectively, they're empty by default except for an index.html file for security reasons.)
  # Go to your ezpx URL where an install screen is waiting for you. Read the instructions carefully and press the big busty *Install* button.
  # Delete the {{{_INSTALL_DEL_THIS_DIR}}} folder.

You can now go to *_your photoblog url_/index.php?/admin* in your favorite web browser which is [http://firefox.com Firefox] or [http://apple.com/safari Safari] and login with your admin username and password (see step 3.) and here we go.


=== What if I get an error? ===

That sucks, we know... You can post us a bug ticket in our googlecode issue page. We try to do our best to give support and fix issues and bugs meanwhile developing new features.

In some cases your Codeigniter configuration might be incorrect according to your server settings. Important note: Codeigniter does not take responsibility to ezpx but you can have a look at the Codeigniter forum and search for a solution.